For that loading controller, for that overlay, in the auth page component, just as with other controllers
we used earlier like the modal controller, we have to inject it.
So here I'll inject my loading controller which is of type loading controller, now loading controller
here needs to be imported from @ionic/angular.
Now this loading controller can be used here in onLogin now,
this loading controller and just with all the other controllers, we can call create to create a new loading
controller overlay or a new loading overlay
I should say. You pass in a Javascript object to configure that and there you can set things like the
duration in case you can't control that on your own by dismissing it once you're done,
you can control whether it should close any open keyboards which it should do here in case I still have
one open.
You can choose which spinner to show, so which kind of a spinner it should show and you can also show a
message like logging in. Now as all these other create methods,
this uses a promise,
so what we get back here is a loading element in our function we pass to then and on this loading element,
we now have to call present to show it.
Now it's also on this element, let me move that up, where I want to actually start the timer let's say
and I want to dismiss the element once I'm done. So here inside of that function we passed to timeout,
so once we're done logging in because remember, I'm just faking a network request here,
we can use that loading element and call dismiss and this will dismiss the overlay.
So here we're presenting it, then we're starting the timer and this function will execute after one and
a half second and we'll then remove the overlay.
Now what this gives us if we save this is a nice overlay that blocks us from doing anything
here on the page.
Now you could actually configure it to be dismissable when you click the background but the default is
that it's not this dismissable because indeed it should block all interaction.
Now this is the loading controller which I want to use in places where the user just has to wait and
where you can't do anything useful with the app until the loading is done.